<html lang="en">
<title>Worksheet 1 - Part 1</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<script src="../angel_common/initShaders.js"></script>
<script src="../angel_common/webgl-utils.js"></script>
<script src="../angel_common/MV.js"></script>
<script src="work7/t72.js"></script>

<script id="vertex-shader" type="x-shader/x-vertex">
	attribute vec4 vPosition;
	attribute vec4 vNormal;

	uniform mat4 modelMatrix;
	uniform mat4 viewMatrix;
	uniform mat4 projectionMatrix;

	varying vec4 f_position;
	
	void main()
	{	
		gl_Position = modelMatrix * projectionMatrix * viewMatrix * vPosition;
		f_position = gl_Position;
	}
</script>

<script id="fragment-shader" type="x-shader/x-fragment">
	precision mediump float;

	uniform samplerCube texMap;
	uniform mat4 Mtex;
	varying vec4 f_position;

	void main()
	{
		vec4 texture_coord = Mtex * f_position;
		gl_FragColor = textureCube(texMap, texture_coord.xyz);
	}
</script>

> Refresh the page if the object does not show up.
<body>
	<canvas id='gl-canvas' height="512" width="512">
        "WebGL isn't available"
    </canvas>
</body>

</html>


### Implementation Procedures:
1. Prepare the quad vertices and push them into pointsArray. Prepare the $M_{tex}$ matrix.
2. Calculate the texture coordinates from world space and use it for texture sampler.
> The texture coordinate used to access a cubemap is a 3D direction vector which represents a direction from the center of the cube to the point on the cube map that we want to sample. The sphere now is in world coordinates, but the quad is in the far away plane of clip space. So we first multiply it with the inverse of projection matrix and then the inverse of view matrix (without the translation part that has to do with eye position, this does not matter as the NDC space is already built). 
>
> In my implementation, both of them simply use a identity matrix. As the sphere is set to be in a NDC space and MVP are all identity matrix. So only a identity matrix can yield this environment mapping.



### Relevant Code Snippets
```html
<script id="fragment-shader" type="x-shader/x-fragment">
	precision mediump float;

	uniform samplerCube texMap;
	uniform mat4 Mtex;
	varying vec4 f_position;

	void main()
	{
		vec4 texture_coord = Mtex * f_position;
		gl_FragColor = textureCube(texMap, texture_coord.xyz);
	}
</script>
```